Update Figma release notes (#2314)
hashicorp/design-system: packages/components/CHANGELOG-FIGMA-COMPONENTS.md

# [HDS Product - Components](https://www.figma.com/file/noyY6dUMDYjmySpHcMjhkN/HDS-Product---Components?type=design&node-id=6790-10926&mode=design&t=Ps0aMGZ6F3z7bAJ4-0)

## August 2nd, 2024

> 

Reviewer: `Enterprise Navigation` is not a component in HDS, so each of these should be treated as the independent components that they are. 

```suggestion

`AppHeader` - Added a new navigation component to contain global and utility navigation elements.

`AppSideNav` - Added a new component that shares features and functionality with the legacy `SideNav`.

`Application Template` - Added a template component that provides a consistent starting point for the UI chrome.

`SideNav` - **Deprecated** the legacy navigation component. It will be removed from the library once adoption of the `AppHeader` is complete.

```

`ApplicationState` - multiple enhancements to the `ApplicationState` including:

- Added support for a media slot, which when enabled, will be added above the title, allowing yielded illustrations to occupy that space.
- Added an `alignment` property which can be set at the root level to `left` or `center`. This adjusts the component’s text, footer actions, and media alignment.

> - The footer now supports up to three actions at once, modeled after the Button Set. Previously the actions were justified (one all the way left and one all the way right). Supported actions now include Dropdown, Button, and Standalone Link. Previously Standalone Link was the only supported option.

Reviewer 2: To clarify this maybe explain the layout of the 3 options? It says previously the layout (of 2 options) was justified but doesn't explain how/if that changed.

Reviewer 2: Reminder: If you update text here as suggested, also update the duplicated text below.

Notable visual changes in the `ApplicationState`:

- The divider has been removed to modernize the component and align with our visual standards.

> - The title text will be reduced from Display 400 to Display 300 to better fit within the page hierarchy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The title text has been reduced from Display 400 to Display 300 to better fit within the page hierarchy.
```

Use consistent tense.

- The icon and title have been changed from `foreground/faint` to `foreground/strong`. The body text has changed from `foreground/faint` to `foreground/primary`. These changes better align with our color standards established with other components.

> ### Breaking change

Reviewer: This needs to be moved above the ApplicationState entry as that's the component with the breaking changes.

```suggestion
```

> The changes in the footer of the `ApplicationState` to support a Dropdown, Button, and Standalone Link results in a breaking change. To avoid overwriting in-progress design work, we recommend taking screenshots of legacy instances of the Application state prior to updating your library.

Reviewer: Answering "What changes? What exactly breaks? How exactly to avoid a loss of content." Emphasizing per [Changelog authoring best practices](https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/blob/main/wiki/Website-Changelog.md#breaking-changes). 

```suggestion
_Adding support for three actions within the `ApplicationState` results in a breaking change to the previous actions. Before updating the library, we recommend annotating the text and icon name (with a comment or otherwise) in files that are in progress or still being referenced by engineering._
```

# [HDS Product - Components](https://www.figma.com/file/noyY6dUMDYjmySpHcMjhkN/HDS-Product---Components?type=design&node-id=6790-10926&mode=design&t=Ps0aMGZ6F3z7bAJ4-0)

## August 2nd, 2024

`AppHeader` - Added a new navigation component to contain global and utility navigation elements.

`AppSideNav` - Added a new component that shares features and functionality with the legacy `SideNav`.

`Application Template` - Added a template component that provides a consistent starting point for the UI chrome.

> `SideNav` - **Deprecated** the legacy navigation component. It will be removed from the library once adoption of the `AppHeader` is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SideNav` - **Deprecated** the legacy navigation component. It will be removed from the library once adoption of the `AppHeader` and `AppSideNav` is complete.
```

### Breaking changes

`ApplicationState` - multiple enhancements including:

- Added support for a media slot above the title.
- Added an `alignment` property which can be set at the root level to `left` or `center`.
- The footer now supports up to three actions at once. The actions are now organized in accordance with our [Button Organization](/patterns/button-organization) pattern.

> - Updated several visual styles including:
>   - Removing the divider
>   - Reducing the title from `Display/400/Bold` to `Display/300/Bold`
>   - Changing the icon and the title color from `Foreground/Faint` to `Foreground/Strong`
>   - Changing the body text color from `Foreground/Faint` to `Foreground/Primary`

Reviewer: I forgot that nested bullet points don't indent properly in the release notes 😞  Maybe something like this instead?
```suggestion

`ApplicationState` - updated several visual styles including:

- Removing the divider
- Reducing the title from `Display/400/Bold` to `Display/300/Bold`
- Changing the icon and the title color from `Foreground/Faint` to `Foreground/Strong`
- Changing the body text color from `Foreground/Faint` to `Foreground/Primary`
```

Author: Actually, it does work, I just needed to double tab. Somewhat unintuitive, but the bullet points are nested now.

> 
> ### Breaking change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
